Data Set Information:
-----------------------

The data is related to posts' published during the year of 2014 on the Facebook's page of a renowned cosmetics brand. 

Attribute Information:
------------------------

Page total likes  Number of people who have liked the company's page.
Type Type of content (Link, Photo, Status, Video).
Post month Month the post was published (January, February, March,...,December).
Post hour Hour the post was published (0, 1, 2, 3, 4,..., 23).
Post weekday Weekday the post was published (Sunday, Monday,...,Saturday).
Paid If the company paid to Facebook for advertising (yes, no).
Lifetime post total reach The number of people who saw a page post(unique users).
Lifetime post total impressions Impressions are the number of times a postfrom a page is displayed, whether the post isclicked or not. People may see multiple impressions of the same post. For example,someone might see a Page update in NewsFeed once, and then a second time if a friend shares it.
Lifetime engaged users The number of people who clicked anywherein a post (unique users).
Lifetime post consumers The number of people who clicked anywherein a post.
Lifetime post consumptions The number of clicks anywhere in a post.
Lifetime post impressions by people who have liked a page Total number of impressions just from people who have liked a page.
Lifetime post reach by people who like a page The number of people who saw a page post because they have liked that page (uniqueusers).
Lifetime people who have liked apage and engaged with a post The number of people who have liked a Pageand clicked anywhere in a post (Uniqueusers).
Comments Number of comments on the publication.
Likes Number of“Likes”on the publication.
Shares Number of times the publication was shared.
Total interactionsThe sum of“likes,”“comments,”and“shares”of the post.
Category Manual content characterization: action (special offers andcontests), product (direct advertisement, explicit brand content), and inspiration (non-explicit brand related content).